README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <p>
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Johj/fergus/master/assets/banner.png" title="Fergus" />
  </p>

  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/discord.js">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/discord.js-v11.1.0-blue.svg" title="Discord.js" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://david-dm.org/Johj/fergus">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/david/Johj/fergus.svg" title="Dependencies" />
  </a>
</div>

## About
Fergus is a Crusaders Quest Discord server bot.

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://discord.gg/WjEFnzC">
    <img src="https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/258167954913361930/embed.png?style=banner2" title="Development Server"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://discord.gg/6TRnyhj">
    <img src="https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/206599473282023424/embed.png?style=banner2" title="Official Server"/>
  </a>
</div>

## Commands
- Bot:
  [!help](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/help.js),
  [!about](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/about.js),
  [!ping](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/ping.js),
  [!status](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/status.js)
- Database:
  [!berry](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/berry.js),
  [!block](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/block.js),
  [!bread](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/bread.js),
  [!find](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/find.js),
  [!goddess](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/goddess.js),
  [!hero](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/hero.js),
  [!rank](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/rank.js),
  [!sbw](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/sbw.js),
  [!skill](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/skill.js),
  [!skin](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/skin.js),
  [!stats](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/stats.js),
  [!weapon](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/weapon.js)
- Utility:
  [!8ball](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/8ball.js),
  [!coin](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/coin.js),
  [!delete](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/delete.js),
  [!forge](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/forge.js),
  [!interact](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/interact.js),
  [!links](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/links.js),
  [!math](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/math.js),
  [!pick](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/pick.js),
  [!popo](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/popo.js),
  [!pull](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/pull.js),
  [!server](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/server.js)
- Miscellaneous:
  [!fergus](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/fergus.js),
  [!lenny](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/lenny.js),
  [!mock](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/mock.js),
  [!print](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/print.js),
  [!slap](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/slap.js),
  [!square](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/square.js)

## Dependencies
- [discord.js 11.1.0](https://www.npmjs.com/package/discord.js)
- [fast-levenshtein 2.0.6](https://www.npmjs.com/package/fast-levenshtein)
- [humanize-duration 3.10.0](https://www.npmjs.com/package/humanize-duration)
- [js-beautify 1.6.12](https://www.npmjs.com/package/js-beautify)
- [mathjs 3.12.2](https://www.npmjs.com/package/mathjs)
- [moment 2.18.1](https://www.npmjs.com/package/moment)
- [randomcolor 0.5.2](https://www.npmjs.com/package/randomcolor)

## Special Thanks
Special thanks to the following individuals for their contributions to the project:
- Poiya
- fioritura
- Fastrail
- F1r3man
- Protease
- Choveck
- TheEggCake

## License
[GPL-3.0](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Johj/fergus/master/LICENSE)

Commit message:

Add reserved cmds to support going public

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <p>
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Johj/fergus/master/assets/banner.png" title="Fergus" />
  </p>

  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/discord.js">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/discord.js-v11.1.0-blue.svg" title="Discord.js" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://david-dm.org/Johj/fergus">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/david/Johj/fergus.svg" title="Dependencies" />
  </a>
</div>

## About
Fergus is a [Discord](https://discordapp.com/) bot for [Crusaders Quest](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.nhnent.SKQUEST).

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://discord.gg/WjEFnzC">
    <img src="https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/258167954913361930/embed.png?style=banner2" title="Development Server"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://discord.gg/6TRnyhj">
    <img src="https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/206599473282023424/embed.png?style=banner2" title="Official Server"/>
  </a>
</div>

## Commands
- Bot:
  [!help](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/help.js),
  [!about](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/about.js),
  [!ping](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/ping.js),
  [!status](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/status.js)
- Database:
  [!berry](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/berry.js),
  [!block](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/block.js),
  [!bread](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/bread.js),
  [!find](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/find.js),
  [!goddess](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/goddess.js),
  [!hero](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/hero.js),
  [!rank](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/rank.js),
  [!sbw](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/sbw.js),
  [!skill](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/skill.js),
  [!skin](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/skin.js),
  [!stats](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/stats.js),
  [!weapon](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/weapon.js)
- Utility:
  [!8ball](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/8ball.js),
  [!coin](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/coin.js),
  [!delete](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/delete.js),
  [!forge](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/forge.js),
  [!interact](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/interact.js),
  [!links](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/links.js),
  [!math](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/math.js),
  [!pick](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/pick.js),
  [!popo](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/popo.js),
  [!pull](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/pull.js),
  [!server](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/server.js)
- Miscellaneous:
  [!fergus](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/fergus.js),
  [!lenny](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/lenny.js),
  [!mock](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/mock.js),
  [!print](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/print.js),
  [!slap](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/slap.js),
  [!square](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/square.js)
- Reserved:
  [!eval](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/eval.js),
  [!leave](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/leave.js),
  [!playing](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/playing.js),
  [!scrape](https://github.com/Johj/fergus/blob/master/commands/scrape.js),

## Dependencies
- [discord.js 11.1.0](https://www.npmjs.com/package/discord.js)
- [fast-levenshtein 2.0.6](https://www.npmjs.com/package/fast-levenshtein)
- [humanize-duration 3.10.0](https://www.npmjs.com/package/humanize-duration)
- [js-beautify 1.6.12](https://www.npmjs.com/package/js-beautify)
- [mathjs 3.12.2](https://www.npmjs.com/package/mathjs)
- [moment 2.18.1](https://www.npmjs.com/package/moment)
- [randomcolor 0.5.2](https://www.npmjs.com/package/randomcolor)

## Special Thanks
Special thanks to the following individuals for their contributions to the project:
- Poiya
- fioritura
- Fastrail
- F1r3man
- Protease
- Choveck
- TheEggCake

## License
[GPL-3.0](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Johj/fergus/master/LICENSE)
